xrandr-toggle README
====================

Use linux on a laptop and use xrandr to use projectors or external
monitors? This is just a simple script that takes no arguments and does the
right thing to toggle between (the actually very few useful)
configurations. Attach this to a 'video toggle' key press (like Fn-F7 on
thinkpads) and always have easy access of external video devices.

When there is only one display available, it sets it to be primary. When
there is more than one display available, first it sets it to be on the
left of the internal display. If run again, next it sets the external
display to be on the right of the internal display. If run a third time, it
sets the external display to be a clone of the internal display with the
desktop size set as the maximum of the possible resolutions. Finally if run
again (and as long as there is more than one display available) it goes
back to the external display on the left of the internal.

These three configurations are by far the most common and very few people
actually care about setting resolutions as long as these three
configurations are reliable. Please put this script or something like it in
your distribution (here's looking at you, Ubuntu) hooked to a media video
key like Fn-F7 and make projectors and external displays simpler than any
gui.

Installation Instructions
=========================

Basically just copy the script somewhere, make it executable, and tie it
into a keypress hook somewhere. Some useful keypress config details:

If any of these configs do or don't work for your system, send me an email
telling me what kind of system you run and, if you know, how to make it
work for your system.

  - Bind it to Fn-F7

    * call it from /etc/acpi/videobtn.sh
    * if you use KDE, configure a global shortcut to run it
    * if you use a window manager other than metacity or kwin, bind it in
      your window manager
